Q: How to add AI to a drone?
A: You need to use a wrench tool from "Drones Rewrite Tools" section in weapons.
   Just press LMB on your drone and a window should pop up

Q: How can i go to a Thirdperson mode?
A: "I" Key
 
Q: How can i use more weapons that installed on my drone?
A: To change weapons on the drone you currently controlling you need to scroll your mouse wheel to
   select a weapon and then press LMB to apply that weapon
 
Q: How do i make it so the drones don't attack eachother/My friends?
A: Add your drones to friend settings in Options->Drones Settings->AI->Show Friends Setting.
   By default all the drones you spawned are considered as enemy

Q: How to use winch/refueller/pick up things with Cargo Drone?
A: You need to hover RIGHT ABOVE your prop/entity/drone you want to pick up. 
   I suggest using Thirdperson mode ('I' key). Also, you can't pick up or refuel a drone from a mile distance
   
Q: How can i give ammo to drones?
A: Go to Entities->Drones Rewrite Ammo and spawn ammo that you needed. After that place your ammo
   box on top of your drone

Q: I can't use drones, my screen goes black when i try to control them. What can i do?
A: You should check your addons, especially if you have >20 of them. 
   There are plenty of confilcting ones that can break the render of drone screen.
   
Q: I cant fly far away from myself. What can i do?
A: Use "Controller" or "Control station", you can find them in Drones Rewrite Tools
   Also you can just add module Signal booster or check "No signal" option in Q->Options->Drones Rewrite->Server

Q: How to undeploy Ball Turret?
A: You can't undeploy it, because it is one use drone.    
   
Q: How to refuel drone?
A: Go to Q->Entities->Drones Rewrite Tools and spawn an entity called "Gas Station"
   Grab pump and put it on the drone. After drone's refueling move drone away
   Also you can refuel other drones with GPRO Assistant Drone

Q: How to change keyboard settings?
A: Go to Q->Options->Drones Rewrite->Keys

Q: How can i make drones fight rebels/cleiners etc...
A: Currently that is not possible. We will add this feature in the next updates

Q: When I am trying to get drone's controls it says "[Drones] You can't drive this drone!"
A: It means that drone is destroyed or you're not the owner of that drone or drone has AI installed
      Repair the drone or hack it if you're not owner or remove all AI modules

Q: Settings doesn't work! I changed some options and nothing happened!
A: Seems like you forgot to press Apply settings
   Try to press that button, but if problem still exists try to reinstall addon or restart your game
   
Q: Meloons?
A: SWIIIBORG!!!!